Clarify documentation about ECK support and licensing (#2747)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/operating-eck/licensing.asciidoc

When you install the default distribution of ECK, you receive a Basic license. Any Elastic stack application you manage through ECK will also be Basic licensed. Go to https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions to see which features are included in the Basic license for free.

> IMPORTANT: ECK is offered in two licensing tiers only: Basic and Enterprise. Similar to the Elastic Stack, customers can download and use ECK for free, but a subscription is required for support. ECK support requires an Enterprise subscription.

Reviewer: Some quick modifications -
"IMPORTANT: ECK is only offered in two licensing tiers: Basic and Enterprise. Similar to the Elastic Stack, customers are able to download and use ECK with a basic license for free. A paid enterprise subscription is required for support."

Author: ```suggestion
"IMPORTANT: ECK is only offered in two licensing tiers: Basic and Enterprise. Similar to the Elastic Stack, customers are able to download and use ECK with a basic license for free. Basic license users can avail of support from Github or through our community at https://discuss.elastic.co. A paid enterprise subscription is required to engage the elastic support team. "
```

> IMPORTANT: ECK is only offered in two licensing tiers: Basic and Enterprise. Similar to the Elastic Stack, customers are able to download and use ECK with a basic license for free. Basic license users can avail of support from Github or through our link:https://discuss.elastic.co[community]. A paid enterprise subscription is required to engage the elastic support team. For more detail on enterprise subscriptions, see link:https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions[here].

Reviewer 2: Nitpicks related to capital letters:
- Keep a capital letter for **B**asic and **E**nterprise license/subscription
- Github -> Git**H**ub
- the elastic support team -> the **E**lastic support team
```suggestion
IMPORTANT: ECK is only offered in two licensing tiers: Basic and Enterprise. Similar to the Elastic Stack, customers are able to download and use ECK with a Basic license for free. Basic license users can avail of support from GitHub or through our link:https://discuss.elastic.co[community]. A paid Enterprise subscription is required to engage the Elastic support team. For more detail on Enterprise subscriptions, see link:https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions[here].
```

> IMPORTANT: ECK is only offered in two licensing tiers: Basic and Enterprise. Similar to the Elastic Stack, customers are able to download and use ECK with a Basic license for free. Basic license users can avail of support from GitHub or through our link:https://discuss.elastic.co[community]. A paid Enterprise subscription is required to engage the Elastic support team. For more detail on Enterprise subscriptions, see link:https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions[here].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: ECK is only offered in two licensing tiers: Basic and Enterprise. Similar to the Elastic Stack, customers are able to download and use ECK with a Basic license for free. Basic license users can avail of support from GitHub or through our link:https://discuss.elastic.co[community]. A paid Enterprise subscription is required to engage the Elastic support team. For more details, see the link:https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions[Elastic Stack subscriptions].
```

Author: HI @alaudazzi 
I'm not sure about using the title - Elastic Stack subscriptions for the subscription link. 
In my head, the stack subscriptions would be a link to the Gold / Platinum i.e. Standalone Elastic On-Prem, when we want them to be thinking of Orchestration Elastic On-Prem as shown in the screenshot. 

<img width="766" alt="subscriptions" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36622494/78597921-3cb8a880-7846-11ea-83fa-e2f6fe148ea5.png">

What do you think?
